const blogPosts = [
  {
    id: 1, 
    title: 'The Third Rite of the Motherbeat: Flesh of the Goddess',
    body: `A year later my second encounter with the motherbeat ritual, Motherbeat 3: Flesh of the Goddess, had a dramatic shift in affect. The sonic weapons I had let others use on my body had changed me. The rave no longer felt empty and without possibility. I was no longer caught by how powerfully alone I often felt in times where I knew I was surrounded by community, immersed in the collective. I didn't kill myself. Things felt different ,I cried as I locked eyes with Miah in the intimate moments when they turned the lights on at Hot Mass. Later that weekend, a conversation with Tony Fairchild, a good friend, and visionary archivist and champion of the Rustbelt, let me discuss his speculative realist science fiction project— TerraFirm—which was a project about a galactic corporate force terraforming planets in a 87 nearby solar system, for a cost. We talked for hours, exchanged notes and ideas about mankind’s potential futures or lack thereof, lineages of psychedelia in dance music and counterculture, real structural and societal problems that threaten not only our culture, but some of our very livelihoods. Sometimes, being a DJ , or just being a committed raver, requires you to question your sanity. No one wants to do this. You do this because you want to suffer. Because you have suffered before. And you will suffer again. In this life, the past one, the next. Because suffering is all that you got. It is the freedom whisper of every slave spiritual that caused the corn to grow, flattening and twisting its stalks to reveal a crop circle set to land the space craft of an extra-dimensional Other here to save us from this corporeal meat-space. Adab, in a mix for Spontaneous Affinity, released right before the second Motherbeat ritual they would close, would remark, 
      “The idea for this mix started with me wanting to focus on filtering some of the current societal/existential anxiety I feel as a black non binary amab individual into an ecstatic, drummy set of tracks. I start with a clip from the film “12 Years a Slave” of a spiritual being sung called “Roll, Jordan, Roll”. In this scene the main character, enslaved after being born free, is focused on in the cinematography as he clearly accepts the reality of possibly never escaping while singing this song. This spiritual was historically adopted by enslaved African Americans as a coded message for escape. This is the guide post of the mix and I hope it aligns the orbits of the tracks that follow to display a sincerely black sonic narrative.101” 
    Until the last one is left standing, keep the records playing. Don't forget to go home, or sleep. Leave an offering, honor the dead.`
  },
  {
    id: 2, 
    title: `Renegade Futures: Greenpoint, Johnson and the Dreamhouse`,
    body: `Prior to returning to the rustbelt, there was something magic in   the Brooklyn scene. It wasn't just the punters and promoters, but a few spaces. In a hegemony of clubs that promised not to be the manhattan hellholes, Output was a raver's militarized interment camp to what the underground had to offer. The Unter Greenpoint space was special not only because of its size, but the sheer volume and number of rooms. The warehouse on Johnson was so large I felt like I was sperlunking into the earths mantle on BBC's planet earth caves. The dreamhouse was like a David Lynch afterparty where agent Cooper took too much acid, and did a line he thought was cocaine (it was definitely ketamine). What made these spaces so special, was their size and the knowledge this wasn't to last. These were doomed possibility engines, eating at the death of the universe only to make 78 new stars. It was all a bit too House Of Leaves. Haunted by their size, in September of 2017, in a manic rage post-sustain that I was determined to have raved, gone to work, still up—well, drive...6 hours to Pittsburgh. I needed the rustbelt as a landing gear.`
  },
  {
    id: 3, 
    title: `Rave-Space and Game Ontology: NYC as a Resonant Cyber-Noir Topology`,
    body: `Raving and the rave-space has always been a weird struggle against and within real estate market forces. There is so much unused, open space that could be manipulated or manifested for the rave and dance music culture, but outside of day-breaker yoga rave with a wheat-grass smoothie designed to make you a better worker before hitting your startup office job, the powers that be certainly make sure the rave is kept at bay. There were brief moments in the 90s—use of the ghost spaces of financial capital's excess, where several floors of a manhattan skyscraper were suddenly turned into the rave. Of course there was Josh Harris's end-of-the-world bunker Public, that the FBI and ATF raided on Y2K New Years Eve, thinking it was an armed cult. They were armed, of course, with a full ballistics and explosives “range/gallery” as an art installation for the hundred or so the patron/participants locked in his immersive social experiment bunker under the bowery.  Nick Land and the other accelerationists, were hopped on amphetamines chasing AIsingularity demons through jungle raves and demonic code-binges warning of the Y2K apocalypse like a coming cthonic god. Their twisted dystopic imaginations of the future-present were nothing compared to a hard dose of Reality. Neocon forces of some Bohemian Grove maddened-ritual meant to keep Henry Kissinger alive. The ritual—consisting of a controlled demotion, double indemnity package deal, a ritualized destruction of World Trade Center. 9/11 was hyper-capitalism's attempts at rendering global politics fatalistic noir political drama. Giuliani was a 2-bit Walter Neff, but the city never felt as good, cunty, and rich as she did in her Barbara Stanwyck moment, the ultimate carry cum Carrie gag. America's collective patriotic mourning was used as a smokescreen to the real-estate and hedge fund imperialism demonic summoning radiated outward from the wreckage at ground zero. Giuliani was equipped and enabled to use the cabaret law as a new experimental Raytheon cluster smartbomb meant to eradicated and destroy the continuum of nightlife spaces and public sex in manhattan. Times Square could finally become a suburban strip mall. The swirling energy that is all of New York's collective narcissistic eating-you-own-load for fun of it, no actually because its a Gwenyth cleansing ritual, and now you're making the collective bowel movement in spiral down right down the toilet of Guy Fieri's Flavortown Midtown Experience. This was hyper-capitalism and control vectors bent on a crypto-fascist future imagination of the city. No alternatives. The tabloid panic of Michael Alig's Club Kid murder extravaganza in '96 only dreamed of such power. Goldman Sachs couldn't sell gentrification this good. Figure VII: Trump With Giuliani in Drag  (Figure VI: Bush 9/11 Meme, Author Unknown) There are principles in game design and world building that lend itself to those working in the rave. The rave space is often a game space. A Magic-circle of intentions, rules, systems. It is a possibility engine of pleasure. Video game spaces are micro-abstractions of reality, and bleed back into actual financial capital. Graphics processors used for rendering gaming environments will self assemble mining crytpo-currencies. Case had it easy, the matrix didn't seem too bad compared to Google, Facebook, and Amazon's push notifications. Neuromancer and Wintermute seem relatively cute and posh compared to Elon Musks call for Alexa to take a note during his burning man art car epiphany. It wouldn't be until the Greenpoint raves, when I mystically was convinced there was a spiritual connection to the illegal partying and proximity to the WNYC Transmitter tower. That if I could almost hear the bong ripping noise that plays as a sample at the end of the RadioLab intro. When gazing across the river from long island's poisoned coast to “manhattan”—that this wasn't real. That the machine, today, was somehow having just a little trouble rendering it all for you. It was just a little too impossible, too perfect, too illusory. 'Shucks, the simulation has truly outdone itself.'  We would gaze out the windows with the orange glow of the horizon cut against the azure mirror of the East River as it met the FDR. Everyone said it reminded them of a video game. How it didn't seem real. How fake it all looked. It was. I asked myself not to forget this.`
  },
];

export default blogPosts;